today and mailing got it first
hearing
may road control
traffic police inspector
they are about the country which is in December
2010 took a chance
our activists chief editor
Alexey Kiriyenko newspapers and detained
in the town
today after the battle we filed a lawsuit
illegal detention
detention
Lesha to the police because
the fact of violation under article 108
falls off
mates auction court
as the court did not appear today
on the taraz segment directly
at whose expense
maternity hospital puppy 3
about reasons not canceled
no land building yes we gave our explanations
the case is also priced
Patriots of Russia with NATO as stated that
they detained something of the law
and the fact that he allegedly passed the road
they tried today japan
leopard beat ap on asphalt
until she came off seeing her dismissal
in the end they were forced to delay
his police brush
most interesting process
court began to tell what
and customs control by
solely for the purpose of provoking
police officer
going deep untruth yes and actually
meeting meeting
and we discussed the essential
and whether road control
provocateurs or not i basically this
She ate us not interrupted
That's about it was interesting and listen
this discussion
it is clear that
from his words it is clear that he sees Nina
Group
so say the numbers are very
and aggressively after road control yes
no unpleasant maybe we are sure
what
actually and however its troubles I
Was in
the reason why audi gsei was beaten for
he fixed breaking the rules until
employee commitments
there is in principle
the depot of the testimony so that I later
first they all contradict each other
to a friend
we asked
to the association and dignity of conquest
late kirienko moment
Sochi residents will be incorrect police
do you have declared that
his lata
but he
ridiculously intervened omkf children from the police
the way that applied
Inspector video camera
purified tkachenko
owl eyes
It did not count 1500 money from the police
because asked this region however
kirienko allegedly maliciously continued
Aeroflot for thrust
on mobile phone
what supposedly was the island of ost
disobedience
yes after that 4 spektori traffic police
what troops were detained
l kirienko and they delivered to the police
where after they gave him three days of arrest
taller prison
it is clear that the matter is that this is not true
actually interest dear and
boxer
we had to be in this
moment at the station
besides careful
however did not arrive
on 3 passenger Bereznyakovskaya goal
apparently just dangerous parents in the morning
the smell of alcohol is scattered
Kiriyenko filmed this
I do not understand that a pedestrian
police officers saw it
approached him
you said we were detained here
the edge of the case took cisco mobile phone from
Kiev destroyed the video
several frames we restored on these
frames you can see that he
the mistress's wall stood
before kiriyenko
approached the police officers and workers
the police claim that in all these
found the metro station left bank and
arrived in r then when our Dmitrienko
neighbors phone cues
allegedly committed for his part
13 in the sbu and this refute money
of materials
we gave to the court
JSC Sumy was originally us
banned
do the same video capture
yes we fell asleep
related statements
replenishment of the regional law but
according to the code
the program has the right to fix the g state
on camcorder
like 3
according to all process participants
blood subject regional
authority
This situation workers gai
objected to the fact that we were fixed
court on a video camera stating that we
allegedly outbid technicians
information and the giver physicians us a type
that row with the absurdity of township or
vice versa
fix that will lead to
picking
processes maz and kamaz so people looked
how are you gai workers in the end the judge in the end
judge is optimal
showed us
posting photo video recording stating
that only audio recordings are enough
October session long ago that we
We introduce an asu process of information so that people
could have read at least
listening to her this record understand what
happened at the court hearing
regret
we were not allowed to take video
this decision is illegal because
there is no foundation of society to itself
registration for the prohibition of shooting rotan still
workers and had no right to object
minimum should be taken into account
but this is common
court practice
then people are forbidden
hold races
because then show completely
More
which arises
during this trial and often there is not profitable
so that it spreads among
population
we were told in the department
Town Hall wore a break judicial
meetings because
about to get inquiries feliksovich
then on
with this decision
the meeting is scheduled for 13
october 2041 freedom
that
this
users
considering the application
yes rubles
in order to even more
to achieve
and it will be very difficult